# UnitConverter
I started this project trying to come up with a creative alternative to a Unit Converter. Rather than just convert inches to centimeters or something like that, I wanted to do something a little more stimulating. The professor suggested possibilities as a Pokémon converter, so I decided to pursue that.
My app, on startup, shows three image buttons of Poké Balls on the top. Clicking each Poké Ball selects a different corresponding Pokémon. There is a candy button in the bottom left corner. Upon clicking that candy, the Pokémon's level increases by one. After reaching a certain level, the Pokémon will evolve. Effectively, this converter will take a Pokémon out of a ball and level it up until it evolves. You can return the Pokémon to its ball by clicking on the open Poké Ball, or by clicking anothe Poké Ball. Once all three Pokémon reach level 100, a fourth secret Poké Ball appears. Once this Pokémon is raised to level 100, there is now a special option to Mega Evolve any of the four Pokémon.
This app basically makes everything out of ImageButtons in Android Studio. For each button, on click, I had to consider all of the cases under which this button will be pressed and make it respond accordingly. My code is full of if statements corresponding to which of the four Pokémon is being selected. After I got the primary logic of the app to work and make Pokémon successfully evolve by changing the Image Source, I had fun coming up with special secrets to add. I wanted there to be a reason to level Pokémon up all the way. I think most of the enjoyment I had out of creating this app was in the extra stuff. Modifying the code I had to better fit the enhancements I wanted to add.
